README.md, before:

# toggl-cli

toggl-cli is a command-line interface (CLI) tool for managing [Toggl Track](https://track.toggl.com/) through a terminal.

## Features

- Set an API key
- Set default workspace id and default project id globally and modify in directories
- Start a new time entry with a given description
- Stop currently running time entry
- Restart the latest time entry
- Switch back to the previously ended time entry
- List recent time entries

## Installation

### From source

Make sure you have Rust and Cargo installed. If not, follow the instructions on the [Rust website](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) to set up Rust on your machine.

Clone the repository and build the project:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/mmodzelewski/toggl-cli.git
cd toggl-cli
cargo build --release
```

The compiled binary will be available in `./target/release/toggl-cli`.
You can move it to a directory in your `PATH` for easy access.

Alternatively, you can use the `cargo install` option to build the program directly from git 
and add it to cargo bin directory.
```sh
cargo install --git https://github.com/mmodzelewski/toggl-cli
```

## Usage

To use toggl-cli, you'll need to provide your Toggl Track API token. You can find it in [Profile settings](https://track.toggl.com/profile) on Toggl Track.

```sh
toggl-cli login [API TOKEN]
```

The token will be saved in a system's keyring.

### Options

```
Usage: toggl-cli [COMMAND]

Commands:
  completions           Generate shell completions
  start                 Start a new time entry
  stop                  Stop the current time entry
  status                Print the current time entry
  recent                Print recent time entries
  restart               Restart the last time entry
  switch                Switch to the time entry before the current one
  projects              List all projects
  default-workspace-id  Print the default workspace id
  set                   Set configuration options
  login                 Set api token
  help                  Print this message or the help of the given subcommand(s)

Options:
  -h, --help     Print help
  -V, --version  Print version
```

### Set configuration options

It is possible to set configuration gloablly or in a specific directory.
The configuration in a directory takes precedence over the global configuration.

The tool will look for local configuration going up the directories until it gets to a home folder.

Global configuration
```sh
toggl-cli --global --project-id [PROJECT ID]
```

Configuration in a current directory
```sh
toggl-cli --project-id [PROJECT ID]
```

## Current limitations
- When starting a time entry it is not possible to specify tags.

Commit message:

Implement summary for past days

README.md, after:

# toggl-cli

toggl-cli is a command-line interface (CLI) tool for managing [Toggl Track](https://track.toggl.com/) through a terminal.

## Features

- Set an API key
- Set default workspace id and default project id globally and modify in directories
- Start a new time entry with a given description
- Stop currently running time entry
- Restart the latest time entry
- Switch back to the previously ended time entry
- List recent time entries
- Print a summary for a given day

## Installation

### From source

Make sure you have Rust and Cargo installed. If not, follow the instructions on the [Rust website](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) to set up Rust on your machine.

Clone the repository and build the project:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/mmodzelewski/toggl-cli.git
cd toggl-cli
cargo build --release
```

The compiled binary will be available in `./target/release/toggl-cli`.
You can move it to a directory in your `PATH` for easy access.

Alternatively, you can use the `cargo install` option to build the program directly from git 
and add it to cargo bin directory.
```sh
cargo install --git https://github.com/mmodzelewski/toggl-cli
```

## Usage

To use toggl-cli, you'll need to provide your Toggl Track API token. You can find it in [Profile settings](https://track.toggl.com/profile) on Toggl Track.

```sh
toggl-cli login [API TOKEN]
```

The token will be saved in a system's keyring.

### Options

```
Usage: toggl-cli [COMMAND]

Commands:
  completions           Generate shell completions
  start                 Start a new time entry
  stop                  Stop the current time entry
  status                Print the current time entry
  recent                Print recent time entries
  summary               Print time entries from a given day grouped by description
  restart               Restart the last time entry
  switch                Switch to the time entry before the current one
  projects              List all projects
  default-workspace-id  Print the default workspace id
  set                   Set configuration options
  login                 Set api token
  help                  Print this message or the help of the given subcommand(s)

Options:
  -h, --help     Print help
  -V, --version  Print version
```

### Set configuration options

It is possible to set configuration gloablly or in a specific directory.
The configuration in a directory takes precedence over the global configuration.

The tool will look for local configuration going up the directories until it gets to a home folder.

Global configuration
```sh
toggl-cli --global --project-id [PROJECT ID]
```

Configuration in a current directory
```sh
toggl-cli --project-id [PROJECT ID]
```

## Current limitations
- When starting a time entry it is not possible to specify tags.
